[Music]
we all want to return to the way things
were
before covent 19 but there's one area
where i hope we never go back our
complacency
about pandemics we can get ahead of
infectious disease outbreaks
by the next pandemic i believe we can
have what i call
mega testing diagnostic platforms
they can be deployed quickly cost very
little
and test 20 percent of the entire
population
every week we also want to get
treatments out far
faster next time one of the most
promising is
monoclonal antibodies these
manufacturing antibodies
grab onto the virus and disable it just
like your
immune system and can reduce death rates
by as much as 80 percent
i also think that we'll develop new
vaccines quickly
in large part due to this new mrna
platform
mrna will become faster to develop
easier to store and lower cost that's a
huge
breakthrough to stop future pandemics
quickly
we need to be able to spot disease
outbreaks as soon as they happen
anywhere in the world and that requires
a
global alert system if there turns out
to be some new
infectious pathogen then we need a group
of infectious disease responders to
spring into action
think of these as like pandemic
firefighters they're going to use their
logistics use their
ability to build up capacity quickly
they're going to go wherever that
problem is
stopping the next pandemic will require
a big investment
but i think of this as the best
insurance policy
the world could buy you can read more
about this
in our annual letter